[docs] Add DNS instructions for wildcard subdomains and further explanations of DNS records for EAS Hosting (#37008)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/hosting/custom-domain.mdx

> it is confirmed, and set up the third record last.
> If downtime isn't important or relevant, you may add all three DNS records at once.

After assigning a custom domain to your app, the custom domain will route to your **production** deployment.

### Custom domain DNS records

Two of the three records the dashboard presents you are to validate ownership of your domain.
The **Verification TXT** record proves ownership of your domain, since it adds a custom token that can be read back to verify you're setting the domain up on a domain you control.
The **SSL CNAME** record proves ownership of your domain to a certificate authority, also known as Domain Control Validation (DCV). This is a CNAME record because both renewal and validation is delegated to an automated process, which prevents certificates from expiring.

Both records are created on a subdomain of the custom domain you're setting up.

- If you're setting up `example.com`, the records must be created on `_cf-custom-hostname.example.com` and `_acme-challenge.example.com` respectively

> - If you're setting up `anything.example.com`, the records must be created on `_cf-custom-hostname.anything.example.com` and `_acme-challenge.example.com` respectively

Reviewer: Just checking that the `_acme-challenge` doesn't belong on the subdomain. Naively I'd assume you'd want this so that different subdomains can have their own challenges:
```suggestion
- If you're setting up `anything.example.com`, the records must be created on `_cf-custom-hostname.anything.example.com` and `_acme-challenge.anything.example.com` respectively
```

Lastly, the third DNS entry that the dashboard presents will always be the actual DNS record that points your domain at EAS Hosting.

- For apex domains the dashboard typically recommends an **A record** to `172.66.0.241`
- For subdomains, the dashboard typically recommends a **CNAME record** to `fallback.expo.app`

Both of these records are equivalent, however some DNS providers do not allow CNAME records to be set up on apex domains.

### Alias and wildcard subdomains

> > **info** If you had a custom domains set up already before **19 March 2025**, you must press the "Refresh" button in your project's [Hosting settings](https://expo.dev/accounts/[accountName]/projects/[projectName]/hosting/settings) before following instructions for setting up wildcard domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** If you had a custom domain set up already before **March 19, 2025**, you must press the "Refresh" button in your project's [Hosting settings](https://expo.dev/accounts/[accountName]/projects/[projectName]/hosting/settings) before following instructions for setting up wildcard domains.
```

While only a single custom domain can be set up per project, you can set up further subdomain DNS records to handle requests for other aliases than just the production alias.

> As long as a subdomain record is set up with a label that matches an alias in your hosting project, requests will be handled by that alias' deployment.

Reviewer: Might be simpler to say:
```suggestion
Requests will be routed to the deployment whose alias matches the subdomain.
```

For example, after [creating a `staging` alias](/eas/hosting/deployments-and-aliases/#aliases), you may set up CNAME record for your alias:

- If you've set up an apex domain, for example `example.com`, create a CNAME record on `staging.example.com` set to `fallback.expo.app`

> - If you've set up subdomain domain, for example `anything.example.com`, create a CNAME record on `staging.anything.example.com` set to `fallback.expo.app`

Reviewer: I wonder if tables would make this clearer: domain type, CNAME record label, CNAME record value

Author: I've tried avoiding them so far since I'm not sure if they'll be "too precise" since the instructions will vary depending on the nameserver provider. But I'll have a browse to see what others are doing and will send a follow-up PR once I've got a better idea of what a standard table would look like.

Maybe the dig like output will do the trick, since we can also show people how to run `dig` to verify the DNS records

5. Press the refresh button until all checks pass. Depending on your DNS provider, this step usually only takes a couple of minutes.

> If you require for the domain name switchover to be **zero downtime**, it's important to fill out these records one by one in the order they are presented in the table.
> That is, add the **Verification TXT** record first, and press "Refresh" until the UI confirms the verification record. Then add the **SSL CNAME** record next until
> it is confirmed, and set up the third record last.
> If downtime isn't important or relevant, you may add all three DNS records at once.

> After assigning a custom domain to your app, the custom domain will route to your **production** deployment.

Reviewer 2: This would be a good place to reiterate that we allow **one custom domain per project**, but we support custom subdomains _see instructions below_

Author: Going to emphasise that in the wildcard section

The **SSL CNAME** record proves ownership of your domain to a certificate authority, also known as Domain Control Validation (DCV). This is a CNAME record because both renewal and validation is delegated to an automated process, which prevents certificates from expiring.

Both records are created on a subdomain of the custom domain you're setting up.

- If you're setting up `example.com`, the records must be created on `_cf-custom-hostname.example.com` and `_acme-challenge.example.com` respectively
- If you're setting up `anything.example.com`, the records must be created on `_cf-custom-hostname.anything.example.com` and `_acme-challenge.example.com` respectively

Lastly, the third DNS entry that the dashboard presents will always be the actual DNS record that points your domain at EAS Hosting.

- For apex domains the dashboard typically recommends an **A record** to `172.66.0.241`
- For subdomains, the dashboard typically recommends a **CNAME record** to `fallback.expo.app`

Both of these records are equivalent, however some DNS providers do not allow CNAME records to be set up on apex domains.

> ### Wildcard Subdomains

Author: I'm a little unsure. When I thought about this, I realised that there isn't a precise way to refer to this.

I've updated it to "Alias and wildcard subdomains" since that's even more explicit, but technically we'd want to say subdomains of the custom domain, or something like that. It's just horrible and not much clearer for different reasons
